57

the door of the chamber occupied by his friend.

Nevertlreless, the priest kept on the walch for
every opportunity of approach3 and, going at
miduight, when he supposed the guard would be
especially overoome by sleep, he contrived, with--
out disturbing him, to pass into the sick man3
and, at his own desire, received him into the
Ohurch. And, although, under tho circumstances,
· it was impossible that the siclt¹ man should bo

' taught much, or· be firmly established in his belief,

yet, when, contrary to all expectation, he‘ had been
cured by our Surgeon, the grace of God prevailed

with him, and he chose rather to be put out οἱ Ι

his friend's house than to retract what he had
done; nay, he even came to us of his own accord,
and happily completed the work ho had hegun.
Another man, when one of us tried to bring
him to the ortlrodon faith, repulsed him with tho
answer, ‘¹‘ that he had vowed that he never would
embrace that faith.'’ A'short'time afterwards,
this wretched mau was attached by disease, and
brought to the last extremity, before the Father
was advised of his sickness. He, however, hastens
to the sich man, with all speed, and finds him
entirely insensible, yet still brcathing. ,Accord-
ingly, he instructs the attendants to put some
nourishmeut into tho mouth of the sich man, every
now aud then, and to summon him if at any time

he returned to consoiousuess. This was done carly
13

 

